;; -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
(("IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies" "The IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies will publish archival research papers and critical survey papers. Topics within the scope include technology advances in online learning systems; intelligent tutors; educational software applications and games; simulation systems for education and training; collaborative learning tools, devices and interfaces for learning; interactive techniques for learning; tools for formative and summative assessment; ontologies for learning systems; standards and web services that support learning; authoring tools for learning materials; computer support for peer tutoring and learning via discovery or project work or field or lab work; and creation and management of learning objects. A paper must either describe original research or offer a critical review of the state of the art in a particular area. Papers concerned with evaluation of technology are only appropriate if the technology itself is novel or if significant technical insights are provided. In order to best serve the community, the TLT will be published online, using a delayed open-access policy under which paying subscribers and per-article purchasers have access to newly published content, and then 12 months after the publication of each issue, all readers will have access to the content, free of charge." "http://www.computer.org" (22103 220 816081 0) feed 0 nil nil ((title nil "IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies") (link nil "http://www.computer.org") (description nil "The IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies will publish archival research papers and critical survey papers. Topics within the scope include technology advances in online learning systems; intelligent tutors; educational software applications and games; simulation systems for education and training; collaborative learning tools, devices and interfaces for learning; interactive techniques for learning; tools for formative and summative assessment; ontologies for learning systems; standards and web services that support learning; authoring tools for learning materials; computer support for peer tutoring and learning via discovery or project work or field or lab work; and creation and management of learning objects. A paper must either describe original research or offer a critical review of the state of the art in a particular area. Papers concerned with evaluation of technology are only appropriate if the technology itself is novel or if significant technical insights are provided. In order to best serve the community, the TLT will be published online, using a delayed open-access policy under which paying subscribers and per-article purchasers have access to newly published content, and then 12 months after the publication of each issue, all readers will have access to the content, free of charge.") (language nil "en-us") (pubDate nil "Mon, 3 Nov 2014 15:36:18 GMT") (image nil (url nil "http://csdl.computer.org/common/images/logos/tlt.gif") (title nil "IEEE Computer Society") (description nil "List of recently published journal articles") (link nil "http://www.computer.org/tlt")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Facilitating Social Collaboration in Mobile Cloud-Based Learning: A Teamwork as a Service (TaaS) Approach") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340402") (description nil "Mobile learning is an emerging trend that brings many advantages to distributed learners, enabling them to achieve collaborative learning, in which the virtual teams are usually built to engage multiple learners working together towards the same pedagogical goals in online courses. However, the socio-technical mechanisms to enhance teamwork performance are lacking. To meet this gap, we adopt the social computing to affiliate learners’ behaviors and offer them computational choices to build a better collaborative learning context. Combining the features of the cloud environment, we have identified a learning flow based on Kolb team learning experience to realize this approach. Such novel learning flow can be executed by our newly designed system, Teamwork as a Service (TaaS), in conjunction with the cloud-hosting learning management systems. Following this learning flow, learners benefit from the functions provided by cloud-based services when cooperating in a mobile environment, being organized into cloud-based teaching strategies namely ‘Jigsaw Classroom’, planning and publishing tasks, as well as rationalizing task allocation and mutual supervision. In particular, we model the social features related to the collaborative learning activities, and introduce a genetic algorithm approach to grouping learners into appropriate teams with two different team formation scenarios. Experimental results prove our approach is able to facilitate teamwork, while learners’ capabilities and preferences are taken into consideration. In addition, empirical evaluations have been conducted to show the improvement of collaborative learning brought by TaaS in real university level courses.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340402")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Automatic Grading of 3D Computer Animation Laboratory Assignments") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340861") (description nil "Assessment is a delicate task in the overall teaching process because it may require significant time and may be prone to subjectivity. Subjectivity is especially true for disciplines in which perceptual factors play a key role in the evaluation. In previous decades, computer-based assessment techniques were developed to address the above-mentioned challenges and to automatically grade students’ work in a variety of educational fields. In this paper, the application of automatic assessment strategies in the unexplored domain of computer graphics is discussed. In particular, a tool that is designed to evaluate student assignments for a 3D computer animation course taught at Politecnico di Torino university is presented. During laboratory examination sessions, students are requested to individually operate on the open-source Blender suite and to recreate a 3D animation similar to a reference one. Student’s output is assessed against a set of similarity indicators, which are specifically designed to capture the technical and perceptual factors that would be blended in a traditional teacher’s evaluation. A comparison of the results that are achieved by the computer-based tool with grades assigned by visual inspection confirms the effectiveness of the designed approach and displays a high-quality concurrence between automatic and manual evaluations.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340861")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: A novel approach to diagnosing motor skills") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340878") (description nil "The combination of Virtual Reality Interactive Systems and educational technologies have been used in the training of procedural tasks, but there is a lack of research with regard to providing specific assistance for acquiring motor skills. In this paper we present a novel approach to evaluating motor skills with an Interactive Intelligent Learning System based on the ULISES framework. We describe the implementation of the different layers that ULISES is composed of in order to generate a diagnosis of trainees’ motor skills. This diagnostic process takes into account the following characteristics of movement: coordination, poses, movement trajectories and the procedure followed in a sequence of movements. In order to validate our work we generated a model for the diagnosis of tennis-related motor skills and we conducted an experiment in which we interpreted and diagnosed tennis serves of several subjects and which shows promising results.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340878")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Learning about social learning in MOOCs: From statistical analysis to generative model") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2337900") (description nil "We study user behavior in the courses offered by a major Massive Online Open Course (MOOC) provider during the summer of 2013. Since social learning is a key element of scalable education on MOOC and is done via online discussion forums, our main focus is on understanding forum activities. Two salient features of these activities drive our research: (1) high decline rate: for each course studied, the volume of discussion declined continuously throughout the duration of the course; (2) high-volume, noisy discussions: at least 30% of the courses produced new threads at rates that are infeasible for students or teaching staff to read through. Further, a substantial portion of these discussions are not directly course-related. In our analysis, we investigate factors that are associated with the decline of activity on MOOC forums, and we find effective strategies to classify threads and rank their relevance. Specifically, we first use linear regression models to analyze the forum activity count data over time, and make a number of observations; for instance, the teaching staff’s active participation in the discussions is correlated with an increase in the discussion volume but does not slow down the decline rate. We then propose a unified generative model for the discussion threads, which allows us both to choose efficient thread classifiers and to design an effective algorithm for ranking thread relevance. Further, our algorithm is compared against two baselines using human evaluation from Amazon Mechanical Turk.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2337900")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Self-help Training System for Nursing Students to Learn Patient Transfer Skills") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2331252") (description nil "This paper describes the construction and evaluation of a self-help skill training system for assisting student nurses in learning skills involving the transfer of patients from beds to wheelchairs. We have proposed a feedback method that is based on a checklist and video demonstrations. To help trainees efficiently check their performance and correct errors, the checklist was prepared with items specific to the performance of tasks related to individual body parts (e.g., the height of the waist). In this system, two Kinect RGB-D sensors were used for measuring the posture of the trainees and patients. An automatic skill evaluation method was used to designate the trainees’ performance against each evaluation item as correct or incorrect. Furthermore, the system’s operation interface was designed to enable self-operation by trainees. Control tests were performed to measure the training effectiveness of the system. The results of the tests on a control group (n = 5) that used only a textbook and demonstration video but did not receive feedback were compared with those of the experimental group (n = 5) that used the proposed system. The results of both subjective and objective evaluation demonstrated that the experimental group showed greater improvement in performing patient transfer than the control group (p < 0.05).") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2331252")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation: A Concept Map-Based Approach for Analyzing a Student’s Understanding of a Topic") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2330297") (description nil "In this article, we describe a tool coined as Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation Tool (AISLE). The main purpose of AISLE is to improve the use of artificial intelligence techniques in evaluating a student’s understanding of a particular topic of study using concept maps. Using this tool, we calculate the probability distribution of the concepts identified in the concept map developed by the student. This tool evaluates a student’s understanding of the topic by analyzing the curve of the graph generated by this tool. This technique makes extensive use of XML parsing to perform the required evaluation. The tool was successfully tested with students from two undergraduate courses and the results of testing are described in this paper.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2330297")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Gamification for Engaging Computer Science Students in Learning Activities: A Case Study") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2329293") (description nil "Gamification is the use of game design elements in non-game settings to engage participants and encourage desired behaviours. It has been identified as a promising technique to improve students’ engagement which could have a positive impact on learning. This study evaluated the learning effectiveness and engagement appeal of a gamified learning activity targeted at the learning of C-programming language. Furthermore, the study inquired into which gamified learning activities were more appealing to students. The study was conducted using the mixed-method sequential explanatory protocol. The data collected and analysed included logs, questionnaires, and pre- and post-tests. The results of the evaluation show positive effects on the engagement of students toward the gamified learning activities and a moderate improvement in learning outcomes. Students reported different motivations for continuing and stopping activities once they completed the mandatory assignment. The preferences for different gamified activities were also conditioned by academic milestones.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2329293")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Understanding Social OER Environments – a Quantitative Study on Factors Influencing the Motivation to Share and Collaborate") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323970") (description nil "Social software environments are increasingly used for open education: teachers and learners share and collaborate in these environments. While there are various possibilities for the inclusion of such social functionalities for OER, many organizational, individual and technological challenges can hinder the motivation of teachers to share and collaborate in these environments. Current research cannot explain what barriers teachers face in social OER environments and how those challenges influence their motivation to engage in such environments. An exploratory factor analysis was used in the context of schools and higher education institutions to investigate the possible barriers to engaging in social OER environments; a linear regression analysis was used to predict how the extracted factors influenced the motivation of teachers (N=754) to share and collaborate. The findings allude to barriers within social OER environments; the main challenges relate to the lack of organizational support, language and culture as well as quality concerns. The key results depict how teachers’ motivation to share and collaborate in these environments decreases when they perceive higher language and cultural barriers. These findings can support OER providers as well as educational institutions in their efforts to minimize those barriers.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323970")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: A M-Learning Content Recommendation Service by Exploiting Mobile Social Interactions") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323053") (description nil "With the rapid development of the Internet and the popularization of mobile devices, participating in a mobile community becomes a part of daily life. This study aims the influence impact of social interactions on mobile learning communities. With m-learning content recommendation services developed from mobile devices and mobile network techniques, learners can generate the learning stickiness by active participation and two-way interaction within a mobile learning community. Individual learning content is able to be recommended according to the behavioral characteristics of the response message of individual learners in the community, and other browsers not of this community are attracted to participate in the learning content with the proposed recommendation service. Finally, as the degree of devotion to the community and learning time increases, the learners’ willingness to continue learning increases. The experiment results and analysis show that individualized learning content recommendation results in better learning effect. In addition, the proposed service proved that the experiment results can be easily extended to handle the recommended learning content for learners’ time-varying interests.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323053")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Experiences in Digital Circuit Design Courses: A Self-Study Platform for Learning Support") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2320919") (description nil "The synthesis of digital circuits is a basic skill in all the bachelors around the ICT area of knowledge, such as Computer Science, Telecommunication Engineering or Electrical Engineering. An important hindrance in the learning process of this skill is that the existing educational tools for the design of circuits do not allow the student to validate if his design satisfies the specification. Furthermore, an automatic feedback is essential in order to help students to fix incorrect designs. In this article, we propose an online platform where the students can design and verify their circuits with an individual and automatic feedback. The technical aspects of the platform and the designed verification tool are presented. The impact of the platform on the learning process of the students is illustrated by analyzing the student performance on the course where the platform has been used. Results on the utilization of the platform versus the success rate and marks in the final exam are presented and compared with previous semesters.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2320919")))) ("PrePrint: Facilitating Social Collaboration in Mobile Cloud-Based Learning: A Teamwork as a Service (TaaS) Approach" "Mobile learning is an emerging trend that brings many advantages to distributed learners, enabling them to achieve collaborative learning, in which the virtual teams are usually built to engage multiple learners working together towards the same pedagogical goals in online courses. However, the socio-technical mechanisms to enhance teamwork performance are lacking. To meet this gap, we adopt the social computing to affiliate learners’ behaviors and offer them computational choices to build a better collaborative learning context. Combining the features of the cloud environment, we have identified a learning flow based on Kolb team learning experience to realize this approach. Such novel learning flow can be executed by our newly designed system, Teamwork as a Service (TaaS), in conjunction with the cloud-hosting learning management systems. Following this learning flow, learners benefit from the functions provided by cloud-based services when cooperating in a mobile environment, being organized into cloud-based teaching strategies namely ‘Jigsaw Classroom’, planning and publishing tasks, as well as rationalizing task allocation and mutual supervision. In particular, we model the social features related to the collaborative learning activities, and introduce a genetic algorithm approach to grouping learners into appropriate teams with two different team formation scenarios. Experimental results prove our approach is able to facilitate teamwork, while learners’ capabilities and preferences are taken into consideration. In addition, empirical evaluations have been conducted to show the improvement of collaborative learning brought by TaaS in real university level courses." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340402" (22103 220 816081 0) new 1 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Facilitating Social Collaboration in Mobile Cloud-Based Learning: A Teamwork as a Service (TaaS) Approach") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340402") (description nil "Mobile learning is an emerging trend that brings many advantages to distributed learners, enabling them to achieve collaborative learning, in which the virtual teams are usually built to engage multiple learners working together towards the same pedagogical goals in online courses. However, the socio-technical mechanisms to enhance teamwork performance are lacking. To meet this gap, we adopt the social computing to affiliate learners’ behaviors and offer them computational choices to build a better collaborative learning context. Combining the features of the cloud environment, we have identified a learning flow based on Kolb team learning experience to realize this approach. Such novel learning flow can be executed by our newly designed system, Teamwork as a Service (TaaS), in conjunction with the cloud-hosting learning management systems. Following this learning flow, learners benefit from the functions provided by cloud-based services when cooperating in a mobile environment, being organized into cloud-based teaching strategies namely ‘Jigsaw Classroom’, planning and publishing tasks, as well as rationalizing task allocation and mutual supervision. In particular, we model the social features related to the collaborative learning activities, and introduce a genetic algorithm approach to grouping learners into appropriate teams with two different team formation scenarios. Experimental results prove our approach is able to facilitate teamwork, while learners’ capabilities and preferences are taken into consideration. In addition, empirical evaluations have been conducted to show the improvement of collaborative learning brought by TaaS in real university level courses.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340402"))) ("PrePrint: Automatic Grading of 3D Computer Animation Laboratory Assignments" "Assessment is a delicate task in the overall teaching process because it may require significant time and may be prone to subjectivity. Subjectivity is especially true for disciplines in which perceptual factors play a key role in the evaluation. In previous decades, computer-based assessment techniques were developed to address the above-mentioned challenges and to automatically grade students’ work in a variety of educational fields. In this paper, the application of automatic assessment strategies in the unexplored domain of computer graphics is discussed. In particular, a tool that is designed to evaluate student assignments for a 3D computer animation course taught at Politecnico di Torino university is presented. During laboratory examination sessions, students are requested to individually operate on the open-source Blender suite and to recreate a 3D animation similar to a reference one. Student’s output is assessed against a set of similarity indicators, which are specifically designed to capture the technical and perceptual factors that would be blended in a traditional teacher’s evaluation. A comparison of the results that are achieved by the computer-based tool with grades assigned by visual inspection confirms the effectiveness of the designed approach and displays a high-quality concurrence between automatic and manual evaluations." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340861" (22103 220 816081 0) new 2 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Automatic Grading of 3D Computer Animation Laboratory Assignments") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340861") (description nil "Assessment is a delicate task in the overall teaching process because it may require significant time and may be prone to subjectivity. Subjectivity is especially true for disciplines in which perceptual factors play a key role in the evaluation. In previous decades, computer-based assessment techniques were developed to address the above-mentioned challenges and to automatically grade students’ work in a variety of educational fields. In this paper, the application of automatic assessment strategies in the unexplored domain of computer graphics is discussed. In particular, a tool that is designed to evaluate student assignments for a 3D computer animation course taught at Politecnico di Torino university is presented. During laboratory examination sessions, students are requested to individually operate on the open-source Blender suite and to recreate a 3D animation similar to a reference one. Student’s output is assessed against a set of similarity indicators, which are specifically designed to capture the technical and perceptual factors that would be blended in a traditional teacher’s evaluation. A comparison of the results that are achieved by the computer-based tool with grades assigned by visual inspection confirms the effectiveness of the designed approach and displays a high-quality concurrence between automatic and manual evaluations.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340861"))) ("PrePrint: A novel approach to diagnosing motor skills" "The combination of Virtual Reality Interactive Systems and educational technologies have been used in the training of procedural tasks, but there is a lack of research with regard to providing specific assistance for acquiring motor skills. In this paper we present a novel approach to evaluating motor skills with an Interactive Intelligent Learning System based on the ULISES framework. We describe the implementation of the different layers that ULISES is composed of in order to generate a diagnosis of trainees’ motor skills. This diagnostic process takes into account the following characteristics of movement: coordination, poses, movement trajectories and the procedure followed in a sequence of movements. In order to validate our work we generated a model for the diagnosis of tennis-related motor skills and we conducted an experiment in which we interpreted and diagnosed tennis serves of several subjects and which shows promising results." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340878" (22103 220 816081 0) new 3 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: A novel approach to diagnosing motor skills") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340878") (description nil "The combination of Virtual Reality Interactive Systems and educational technologies have been used in the training of procedural tasks, but there is a lack of research with regard to providing specific assistance for acquiring motor skills. In this paper we present a novel approach to evaluating motor skills with an Interactive Intelligent Learning System based on the ULISES framework. We describe the implementation of the different layers that ULISES is composed of in order to generate a diagnosis of trainees’ motor skills. This diagnostic process takes into account the following characteristics of movement: coordination, poses, movement trajectories and the procedure followed in a sequence of movements. In order to validate our work we generated a model for the diagnosis of tennis-related motor skills and we conducted an experiment in which we interpreted and diagnosed tennis serves of several subjects and which shows promising results.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2340878"))) ("PrePrint: Learning about social learning in MOOCs: From statistical analysis to generative model" "We study user behavior in the courses offered by a major Massive Online Open Course (MOOC) provider during the summer of 2013. Since social learning is a key element of scalable education on MOOC and is done via online discussion forums, our main focus is on understanding forum activities. Two salient features of these activities drive our research: (1) high decline rate: for each course studied, the volume of discussion declined continuously throughout the duration of the course; (2) high-volume, noisy discussions: at least 30% of the courses produced new threads at rates that are infeasible for students or teaching staff to read through. Further, a substantial portion of these discussions are not directly course-related. In our analysis, we investigate factors that are associated with the decline of activity on MOOC forums, and we find effective strategies to classify threads and rank their relevance. Specifically, we first use linear regression models to analyze the forum activity count data over time, and make a number of observations; for instance, the teaching staff’s active participation in the discussions is correlated with an increase in the discussion volume but does not slow down the decline rate. We then propose a unified generative model for the discussion threads, which allows us both to choose efficient thread classifiers and to design an effective algorithm for ranking thread relevance. Further, our algorithm is compared against two baselines using human evaluation from Amazon Mechanical Turk." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2337900" (22103 220 816081 0) new 4 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Learning about social learning in MOOCs: From statistical analysis to generative model") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2337900") (description nil "We study user behavior in the courses offered by a major Massive Online Open Course (MOOC) provider during the summer of 2013. Since social learning is a key element of scalable education on MOOC and is done via online discussion forums, our main focus is on understanding forum activities. Two salient features of these activities drive our research: (1) high decline rate: for each course studied, the volume of discussion declined continuously throughout the duration of the course; (2) high-volume, noisy discussions: at least 30% of the courses produced new threads at rates that are infeasible for students or teaching staff to read through. Further, a substantial portion of these discussions are not directly course-related. In our analysis, we investigate factors that are associated with the decline of activity on MOOC forums, and we find effective strategies to classify threads and rank their relevance. Specifically, we first use linear regression models to analyze the forum activity count data over time, and make a number of observations; for instance, the teaching staff’s active participation in the discussions is correlated with an increase in the discussion volume but does not slow down the decline rate. We then propose a unified generative model for the discussion threads, which allows us both to choose efficient thread classifiers and to design an effective algorithm for ranking thread relevance. Further, our algorithm is compared against two baselines using human evaluation from Amazon Mechanical Turk.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2337900"))) ("PrePrint: Self-help Training System for Nursing Students to Learn Patient Transfer Skills" "This paper describes the construction and evaluation of a self-help skill training system for assisting student nurses in learning skills involving the transfer of patients from beds to wheelchairs. We have proposed a feedback method that is based on a checklist and video demonstrations. To help trainees efficiently check their performance and correct errors, the checklist was prepared with items specific to the performance of tasks related to individual body parts (e.g., the height of the waist). In this system, two Kinect RGB-D sensors were used for measuring the posture of the trainees and patients. An automatic skill evaluation method was used to designate the trainees’ performance against each evaluation item as correct or incorrect. Furthermore, the system’s operation interface was designed to enable self-operation by trainees. Control tests were performed to measure the training effectiveness of the system. The results of the tests on a control group (n = 5) that used only a textbook and demonstration video but did not receive feedback were compared with those of the experimental group (n = 5) that used the proposed system. The results of both subjective and objective evaluation demonstrated that the experimental group showed greater improvement in performing patient transfer than the control group (p < 0.05)." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2331252" (22103 220 816081 0) new 5 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Self-help Training System for Nursing Students to Learn Patient Transfer Skills") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2331252") (description nil "This paper describes the construction and evaluation of a self-help skill training system for assisting student nurses in learning skills involving the transfer of patients from beds to wheelchairs. We have proposed a feedback method that is based on a checklist and video demonstrations. To help trainees efficiently check their performance and correct errors, the checklist was prepared with items specific to the performance of tasks related to individual body parts (e.g., the height of the waist). In this system, two Kinect RGB-D sensors were used for measuring the posture of the trainees and patients. An automatic skill evaluation method was used to designate the trainees’ performance against each evaluation item as correct or incorrect. Furthermore, the system’s operation interface was designed to enable self-operation by trainees. Control tests were performed to measure the training effectiveness of the system. The results of the tests on a control group (n = 5) that used only a textbook and demonstration video but did not receive feedback were compared with those of the experimental group (n = 5) that used the proposed system. The results of both subjective and objective evaluation demonstrated that the experimental group showed greater improvement in performing patient transfer than the control group (p < 0.05).") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2331252"))) ("PrePrint: Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation: A Concept Map-Based Approach for Analyzing a Student’s Understanding of a Topic" "In this article, we describe a tool coined as Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation Tool (AISLE). The main purpose of AISLE is to improve the use of artificial intelligence techniques in evaluating a student’s understanding of a particular topic of study using concept maps. Using this tool, we calculate the probability distribution of the concepts identified in the concept map developed by the student. This tool evaluates a student’s understanding of the topic by analyzing the curve of the graph generated by this tool. This technique makes extensive use of XML parsing to perform the required evaluation. The tool was successfully tested with students from two undergraduate courses and the results of testing are described in this paper." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2330297" (22103 220 816081 0) new 6 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation: A Concept Map-Based Approach for Analyzing a Student’s Understanding of a Topic") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2330297") (description nil "In this article, we describe a tool coined as Artificial Intelligence-Based Student Learning Evaluation Tool (AISLE). The main purpose of AISLE is to improve the use of artificial intelligence techniques in evaluating a student’s understanding of a particular topic of study using concept maps. Using this tool, we calculate the probability distribution of the concepts identified in the concept map developed by the student. This tool evaluates a student’s understanding of the topic by analyzing the curve of the graph generated by this tool. This technique makes extensive use of XML parsing to perform the required evaluation. The tool was successfully tested with students from two undergraduate courses and the results of testing are described in this paper.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2330297"))) ("PrePrint: Gamification for Engaging Computer Science Students in Learning Activities: A Case Study" "Gamification is the use of game design elements in non-game settings to engage participants and encourage desired behaviours. It has been identified as a promising technique to improve students’ engagement which could have a positive impact on learning. This study evaluated the learning effectiveness and engagement appeal of a gamified learning activity targeted at the learning of C-programming language. Furthermore, the study inquired into which gamified learning activities were more appealing to students. The study was conducted using the mixed-method sequential explanatory protocol. The data collected and analysed included logs, questionnaires, and pre- and post-tests. The results of the evaluation show positive effects on the engagement of students toward the gamified learning activities and a moderate improvement in learning outcomes. Students reported different motivations for continuing and stopping activities once they completed the mandatory assignment. The preferences for different gamified activities were also conditioned by academic milestones." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2329293" (22103 220 816081 0) new 7 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Gamification for Engaging Computer Science Students in Learning Activities: A Case Study") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2329293") (description nil "Gamification is the use of game design elements in non-game settings to engage participants and encourage desired behaviours. It has been identified as a promising technique to improve students’ engagement which could have a positive impact on learning. This study evaluated the learning effectiveness and engagement appeal of a gamified learning activity targeted at the learning of C-programming language. Furthermore, the study inquired into which gamified learning activities were more appealing to students. The study was conducted using the mixed-method sequential explanatory protocol. The data collected and analysed included logs, questionnaires, and pre- and post-tests. The results of the evaluation show positive effects on the engagement of students toward the gamified learning activities and a moderate improvement in learning outcomes. Students reported different motivations for continuing and stopping activities once they completed the mandatory assignment. The preferences for different gamified activities were also conditioned by academic milestones.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2329293"))) ("PrePrint: Understanding Social OER Environments – a Quantitative Study on Factors Influencing the Motivation to Share and Collaborate" "Social software environments are increasingly used for open education: teachers and learners share and collaborate in these environments. While there are various possibilities for the inclusion of such social functionalities for OER, many organizational, individual and technological challenges can hinder the motivation of teachers to share and collaborate in these environments. Current research cannot explain what barriers teachers face in social OER environments and how those challenges influence their motivation to engage in such environments. An exploratory factor analysis was used in the context of schools and higher education institutions to investigate the possible barriers to engaging in social OER environments; a linear regression analysis was used to predict how the extracted factors influenced the motivation of teachers (N=754) to share and collaborate. The findings allude to barriers within social OER environments; the main challenges relate to the lack of organizational support, language and culture as well as quality concerns. The key results depict how teachers’ motivation to share and collaborate in these environments decreases when they perceive higher language and cultural barriers. These findings can support OER providers as well as educational institutions in their efforts to minimize those barriers." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323970" (22103 220 816081 0) new 8 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Understanding Social OER Environments – a Quantitative Study on Factors Influencing the Motivation to Share and Collaborate") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323970") (description nil "Social software environments are increasingly used for open education: teachers and learners share and collaborate in these environments. While there are various possibilities for the inclusion of such social functionalities for OER, many organizational, individual and technological challenges can hinder the motivation of teachers to share and collaborate in these environments. Current research cannot explain what barriers teachers face in social OER environments and how those challenges influence their motivation to engage in such environments. An exploratory factor analysis was used in the context of schools and higher education institutions to investigate the possible barriers to engaging in social OER environments; a linear regression analysis was used to predict how the extracted factors influenced the motivation of teachers (N=754) to share and collaborate. The findings allude to barriers within social OER environments; the main challenges relate to the lack of organizational support, language and culture as well as quality concerns. The key results depict how teachers’ motivation to share and collaborate in these environments decreases when they perceive higher language and cultural barriers. These findings can support OER providers as well as educational institutions in their efforts to minimize those barriers.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323970"))) ("PrePrint: A M-Learning Content Recommendation Service by Exploiting Mobile Social Interactions" "With the rapid development of the Internet and the popularization of mobile devices, participating in a mobile community becomes a part of daily life. This study aims the influence impact of social interactions on mobile learning communities. With m-learning content recommendation services developed from mobile devices and mobile network techniques, learners can generate the learning stickiness by active participation and two-way interaction within a mobile learning community. Individual learning content is able to be recommended according to the behavioral characteristics of the response message of individual learners in the community, and other browsers not of this community are attracted to participate in the learning content with the proposed recommendation service. Finally, as the degree of devotion to the community and learning time increases, the learners’ willingness to continue learning increases. The experiment results and analysis show that individualized learning content recommendation results in better learning effect. In addition, the proposed service proved that the experiment results can be easily extended to handle the recommended learning content for learners’ time-varying interests." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323053" (22103 220 816081 0) new 9 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: A M-Learning Content Recommendation Service by Exploiting Mobile Social Interactions") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323053") (description nil "With the rapid development of the Internet and the popularization of mobile devices, participating in a mobile community becomes a part of daily life. This study aims the influence impact of social interactions on mobile learning communities. With m-learning content recommendation services developed from mobile devices and mobile network techniques, learners can generate the learning stickiness by active participation and two-way interaction within a mobile learning community. Individual learning content is able to be recommended according to the behavioral characteristics of the response message of individual learners in the community, and other browsers not of this community are attracted to participate in the learning content with the proposed recommendation service. Finally, as the degree of devotion to the community and learning time increases, the learners’ willingness to continue learning increases. The experiment results and analysis show that individualized learning content recommendation results in better learning effect. In addition, the proposed service proved that the experiment results can be easily extended to handle the recommended learning content for learners’ time-varying interests.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2323053"))) ("PrePrint: Experiences in Digital Circuit Design Courses: A Self-Study Platform for Learning Support" "The synthesis of digital circuits is a basic skill in all the bachelors around the ICT area of knowledge, such as Computer Science, Telecommunication Engineering or Electrical Engineering. An important hindrance in the learning process of this skill is that the existing educational tools for the design of circuits do not allow the student to validate if his design satisfies the specification. Furthermore, an automatic feedback is essential in order to help students to fix incorrect designs. In this article, we propose an online platform where the students can design and verify their circuits with an individual and automatic feedback. The technical aspects of the platform and the designed verification tool are presented. The impact of the platform on the learning process of the students is illustrated by analyzing the student performance on the course where the platform has been used. Results on the utilization of the platform versus the success rate and marks in the final exam are presented and compared with previous semesters." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2320919" (22103 220 816081 0) new 10 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Experiences in Digital Circuit Design Courses: A Self-Study Platform for Learning Support") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2320919") (description nil "The synthesis of digital circuits is a basic skill in all the bachelors around the ICT area of knowledge, such as Computer Science, Telecommunication Engineering or Electrical Engineering. An important hindrance in the learning process of this skill is that the existing educational tools for the design of circuits do not allow the student to validate if his design satisfies the specification. Furthermore, an automatic feedback is essential in order to help students to fix incorrect designs. In this article, we propose an online platform where the students can design and verify their circuits with an individual and automatic feedback. The technical aspects of the platform and the designed verification tool are presented. The impact of the platform on the learning process of the students is illustrated by analyzing the student performance on the course where the platform has been used. Results on the utilization of the platform versus the success rate and marks in the final exam are presented and compared with previous semesters.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TLT.2014.2320919"))))