;; -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
(("IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering" "The IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering is an archival journal published monthly. The information published in this Transactions is designed to inform researchers, developers, managers, strategic planners, users, and others interested in state-of-the-art and state-of-the-practice activities in the knowledge and data engineering area. We are interested in well-defined theoretical results and empirical studies that have potential impact on the acquisition, management, storage, and graceful degeneration of knowledge and data, as well as in provision of knowledge and data services. Specific topics include, but are not limited to: a) artificial intelligence techniques, including speech, voice, graphics, images, and documents; b) knowledge and data engineering tools and techniques; c) parallel and distributed processing; d) real-time distributed; e) system architectures, integration, and modeling; f) database design, modeling and management; g) query design and implementation languages; h) distributed database control; j) algorithms for data and knowledge management; k) performance evaluation of algorithms and systems; l) data communications aspects; m) system applications and experience; n) knowledge-based and expert systems; and, o) integrity, security, and fault tolerance." "http://www.computer.org" (22103 220 282278 0) feed 0 nil nil ((title nil "IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering") (link nil "http://www.computer.org") (description nil "The IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering is an archival journal published monthly. The information published in this Transactions is designed to inform researchers, developers, managers, strategic planners, users, and others interested in state-of-the-art and state-of-the-practice activities in the knowledge and data engineering area. We are interested in well-defined theoretical results and empirical studies that have potential impact on the acquisition, management, storage, and graceful degeneration of knowledge and data, as well as in provision of knowledge and data services. Specific topics include, but are not limited to: a) artificial intelligence techniques, including speech, voice, graphics, images, and documents; b) knowledge and data engineering tools and techniques; c) parallel and distributed processing; d) real-time distributed; e) system architectures, integration, and modeling; f) database design, modeling and management; g) query design and implementation languages; h) distributed database control; j) algorithms for data and knowledge management; k) performance evaluation of algorithms and systems; l) data communications aspects; m) system applications and experience; n) knowledge-based and expert systems; and, o) integrity, security, and fault tolerance.") (language nil "en-us") (pubDate nil "Mon, 3 Nov 2014 15:36:11 GMT") (image nil (url nil "http://csdl.computer.org/common/images/logos/tkde.gif") (title nil "IEEE Computer Society") (description nil "List of recently published journal articles") (link nil "http://www.computer.org/tkde")) (item nil (title nil "Issue: Sept. 2014 (Vol. 26 No.9)") (link nil "http://www.computer.org/csdl/trans/tk/2014/09/index.html") (description nil "IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://www.computer.org/portal/site/tkde")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Are Datasets Like Documents?: Evaluating Similarity-Based Ranked Search Over Scientific Data") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2320737") (description nil "The past decade has seen a dramatic increase in the amount of data captured and made available to scientists for research. This increase amplifies the difficulty scientists face in finding the data most relevant to their information needs. In prior work, we hypothesized that Information Retrieval-style ranked search can be applied to datasets to help a scientist discover the most relevant data amongst the thousands of datasets in many formats, much like text-based ranked search helps users make sense of the vast number of Internet documents. To test this hypothesis, we explored the use of ranked search for scientific data using an existing multi-terabyte observational archive as our test-bed. In this paper, we investigate whether the concept of varying relevance, and therefore ranked search, applies to numeric data – that is, are data sets are enough like documents for Information Retrieval techniques and evaluation measures to apply? We present a user study that demonstrates that dataset similarity resonates with users as a basis for relevance and, therefore, for ranked search. We evaluate a prototype implementation of ranked search over datasets with a second user study and demonstrate that ranked search improves a scientist’s ability to find needed data.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2320737")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Fast Best-Effort Search on Graphs with Multiple Attributes") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2345482") (description nil "We address the problem of search on graphs with multiple nodal attributes. We call such graphs WAGs (short for Weighted Attribute Graphs). Nodes of a WAG exhibit multiple attributes with varying, non-negative weights. WAGs are ubiquitous in real-world applications. For example, in a co-authorship WAG, each author is a node; each attribute corresponds to a particular topic (e.g., databases, data mining, and machine learning); and the amount of expertise in a particular topic is represented by a non-negative weight on that attribute. A typical search in this setting specifies both connectivity between nodes and constraints on weights of nodal attributes. For example, a user’s search may be: find three coauthors (i.e., a triangle) where each author’s expertise is greater than 50% in at least one topic area (i.e., attribute). We propose a ranking function which unifies ranking between the graph structure and attribute weights of nodes. We prove that the problem of retrieving the optimal answer for graph search on WAGs is NP-complete. Moreover, we propose a fast and effective top-k graph search algorithm for WAGs. In an extensive experimental study with multiple real-world graphs, our proposed algorithm exhibits significant speed-up over competing approaches. On average, our proposed method is more than 7 faster in query processing than the best competitor.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2345482")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Efficient Graph Similarity Search over Large Graph Databases") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349924") (description nil "Since many graph data are often noisy and incomplete in real applications, it has become increasingly important to retrieve graphs g in the graph database D that approximately match the query graph q, rather than exact graph matching. In this paper, we study the problem of graph similarity search, which retrieves graphs that are similar to a given query graph under the constraint of graph edit distance. We propose a systematic method for edit-distance based similarity search problem. Specifically, we derive two lower bounds, i.e., partition-based and branch-based bounds, from different perspectives. More importantly, a hybrid lower bound incorporating both ideas of the two lower bounds is proposed, which is theoretically proved to have higher (at least not lower) pruning power than using the two lower bounds together. We also present a uniform index structure, namely u-tree, to facilitate effective pruning and efficient query processing. Extensive experiments confirm that our proposed approach outperforms the existing approaches significantly, in terms of both the pruning power and query response time.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349924")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: HOCTracker: Tracking the Evolution of Hierarchical and Overlapping Communities in Dynamic Social Networks") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349918") (description nil "In this paper, we propose a unified framework, HOCTracker, for tracking the evolution of hierarchical and overlapping communities in online social networks. Unlike most of the dynamic community detection methods, HOCTracker adapts a preliminary community structure towards dynamic changes in social networks using a novel density-based approach for detecting overlapping community structures, and automatically tracks evolutionary events like birth, growth, contraction, merge, split, and death of communities. It uses a novel and efficient log-based approach to map evolutionary relations between communities identified at two consecutive time-steps of a dynamic network, which considerably reduces the number of community comparisons. Moreover, it does not require an ageing function to remove old interactions for identifying community evolutionary events. HOCTracker is applicable to diirected/undirected and weighted/unweighted networks. Experimental results have shown that community structures identified by HOCTracker on some well-known benchmark networks are significant and in general better that the community structures identified by the state-of-the-art methods.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349918")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Efficient Filtering Algorithms for Location-Aware Publish/Subscribe") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349906") (description nil "Location-based services have been widely adopted in many systems. Existing works employ a pull model or userinitiated model, where a user issues a query to a server which replies with location-aware answers. To provide users with instant replies, a push model or server-initiated model is becoming an inevitable computing model in the next-generation location-based services. In the push model, subscribers register spatio-textual subscriptions to capture their interests, and publishers post spatiotextual messages. This calls for a high-performance location-aware publish/subscribe system to deliver publishers’ messages to relevant subscribers. In this paper, we address the research challenges that arise in designing a location-aware publish/subscribe system. We propose an R-tree based index by integrating textual descriptions into R-tree nodes. We devise efficient filtering algorithms and effective pruning techniques to achieve high performance. Our method can support both conjunctive queries and ranking queries. We discuss how to support dynamic updates efficiently. Experimental results show our method achieves high performance which can filter 500 messages in a second for 10 million subscriptions on a commodity computer.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349906")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Role Discovery in Networks") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349913") (description nil "Roles represent node-level connectivity patterns such as star-center, star-edge nodes, near-cliques or nodes that act as bridges to different regions of the graph. Intuitively, two nodes belong to the same role if they are structurally similar. Roles have been mainly of interest to sociologists, but more recently, roles have become increasingly useful in other domains. Traditionally, the notion of roles were defined based on graph equivalences such as structural, regular, and stochastic equivalences. We briefly revisit these early notions and instead propose a more general formulation of roles based on the similarity of a feature representation (in contrast to the graph representation). This leads us to propose a taxonomy of three general classes of techniques for discovering roles that includes (i) graph-based roles, (ii) feature-based roles, and (iii) hybrid roles. We also propose a flexible framework for discovering roles using the notion of similarity on a feature-based representation. The framework consists of two fundamental components: (a) role feature construction and (b) role assignment using the learned feature representation. We discuss the different possibilities for discovering feature-based roles and the tradeoffs of the many techniques for computing them. Finally, we discuss potential applications and future directions and challenges.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349913")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: An LSH-based Blocking Approach with a Homomorphic Matching Technique for Privacy-Preserving Record Linkage") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349916") (description nil "We present a -fold Redundant Blocking Framework, that relies on the Locality-Sensitive Hashing technique for identifying candidate record pairs, which have undergone an anonymization transformation. In this context, we demonstrate the usage and evaluate the performance of a variety of families of hash functions used for blocking.We illustrate that the performance attained is highly correlated to the distance-preserving properties of the anonymization format used. The parameters, of the blocking scheme, are optimally selected so that we achieve the highest possible accuracy in the least possible running time. We also introduce an SMC-based protocol in order to compare the formulated record pairs homomorphically, without running the risk of breaching the privacy of the underlying records.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349916")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: Improved Greedy Algorithms forSparse Approximation of a Matrix in terms of Another Matrix") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349910") (description nil "We consider simultaneously approximating all the columns of a data matrix in terms of few selected columns of another matrix that is sometimes called “the dictionary”. The challenge is to determine a small subset of the dictionary columns that can be used to obtain an accurate prediction of the entire data matrix. Previously proposed greedy algorithms for this task compare each data column with all dictionary columns, resulting in algorithms that may be too slow when both the data matrix and the dictionary matrix are large. A recent approach for accelerating the run time requires large amounts of memory to keep temporary values during the run of the algorithm. We propose two new algorithms that can be used even when both the data matrix and the dictionary matrix are large. The first algorithm is exact, with output identical to some previously proposed greedy algorithms. It takes significantly less memory when compared to the current state-of-the-art, and runs much faster when the dictionary matrix is sparse. The second algorithm uses a low rank approximation to the data matrix to further improve the run time. The algorithms use new recursive formulas for computing the greedy selection criterion. The formulas enable decoupling most of the computations related to the data matrix from the computations related to the dictionary matrix.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349910")) (item nil (title nil "PrePrint: RRW - A Robust and Reversible Watermarking Technique for Relational Data") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349911") (description nil "Advancement in information technology is playing an increasing role in the use of information systems comprising relational databases. These databases are used effectively in collaborative environments for information extraction; consequently, they are vulnerable to security threats concerning ownership rights and data tampering. Watermarking is advocated to enforce ownership rights over shared relational data and for providing a means for tackling data tampering. When ownership rights are enforced using watermarking, the underlying data undergoes certain modifications; as a result of which, the data quality gets compromised. Reversible watermarking is employed to ensure data quality along-with data recovery. However, such techniques are usually not robust against malicious attacks and do not provide any mechanism to selectively watermark a particular attribute by taking into account its role in knowledge discovery. Therefore, reversible watermarking is required that ensures; (i) watermark encoding and decoding by accounting for the role of all the features in knowledge discovery; and, (ii) original data recovery in the presence of active malicious attacks. In this paper, a robust and semi-blind reversible watermarking (RRW) technique for numerical relational data has been proposed that addresses the above objectives. Experimental studies prove the effectiveness of RRW against malicious attacks and show that the proposed technique outperforms existing ones.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349911")))) ("Issue: Sept. 2014 (Vol. 26 No.9)" "IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering" "http://www.computer.org/csdl/trans/tk/2014/09/index.html" (22103 220 282278 0) new 1 nil nil ((title nil "Issue: Sept. 2014 (Vol. 26 No.9)") (link nil "http://www.computer.org/csdl/trans/tk/2014/09/index.html") (description nil "IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://www.computer.org/portal/site/tkde"))) ("PrePrint: Are Datasets Like Documents?: Evaluating Similarity-Based Ranked Search Over Scientific Data" "The past decade has seen a dramatic increase in the amount of data captured and made available to scientists for research. This increase amplifies the difficulty scientists face in finding the data most relevant to their information needs. In prior work, we hypothesized that Information Retrieval-style ranked search can be applied to datasets to help a scientist discover the most relevant data amongst the thousands of datasets in many formats, much like text-based ranked search helps users make sense of the vast number of Internet documents. To test this hypothesis, we explored the use of ranked search for scientific data using an existing multi-terabyte observational archive as our test-bed. In this paper, we investigate whether the concept of varying relevance, and therefore ranked search, applies to numeric data – that is, are data sets are enough like documents for Information Retrieval techniques and evaluation measures to apply? We present a user study that demonstrates that dataset similarity resonates with users as a basis for relevance and, therefore, for ranked search. We evaluate a prototype implementation of ranked search over datasets with a second user study and demonstrate that ranked search improves a scientist’s ability to find needed data." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2320737" (22103 220 282278 0) new 2 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Are Datasets Like Documents?: Evaluating Similarity-Based Ranked Search Over Scientific Data") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2320737") (description nil "The past decade has seen a dramatic increase in the amount of data captured and made available to scientists for research. This increase amplifies the difficulty scientists face in finding the data most relevant to their information needs. In prior work, we hypothesized that Information Retrieval-style ranked search can be applied to datasets to help a scientist discover the most relevant data amongst the thousands of datasets in many formats, much like text-based ranked search helps users make sense of the vast number of Internet documents. To test this hypothesis, we explored the use of ranked search for scientific data using an existing multi-terabyte observational archive as our test-bed. In this paper, we investigate whether the concept of varying relevance, and therefore ranked search, applies to numeric data – that is, are data sets are enough like documents for Information Retrieval techniques and evaluation measures to apply? We present a user study that demonstrates that dataset similarity resonates with users as a basis for relevance and, therefore, for ranked search. We evaluate a prototype implementation of ranked search over datasets with a second user study and demonstrate that ranked search improves a scientist’s ability to find needed data.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2320737"))) ("PrePrint: Fast Best-Effort Search on Graphs with Multiple Attributes" "We address the problem of search on graphs with multiple nodal attributes. We call such graphs WAGs (short for Weighted Attribute Graphs). Nodes of a WAG exhibit multiple attributes with varying, non-negative weights. WAGs are ubiquitous in real-world applications. For example, in a co-authorship WAG, each author is a node; each attribute corresponds to a particular topic (e.g., databases, data mining, and machine learning); and the amount of expertise in a particular topic is represented by a non-negative weight on that attribute. A typical search in this setting specifies both connectivity between nodes and constraints on weights of nodal attributes. For example, a user’s search may be: find three coauthors (i.e., a triangle) where each author’s expertise is greater than 50% in at least one topic area (i.e., attribute). We propose a ranking function which unifies ranking between the graph structure and attribute weights of nodes. We prove that the problem of retrieving the optimal answer for graph search on WAGs is NP-complete. Moreover, we propose a fast and effective top-k graph search algorithm for WAGs. In an extensive experimental study with multiple real-world graphs, our proposed algorithm exhibits significant speed-up over competing approaches. On average, our proposed method is more than 7 faster in query processing than the best competitor." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2345482" (22103 220 282278 0) new 3 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Fast Best-Effort Search on Graphs with Multiple Attributes") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2345482") (description nil "We address the problem of search on graphs with multiple nodal attributes. We call such graphs WAGs (short for Weighted Attribute Graphs). Nodes of a WAG exhibit multiple attributes with varying, non-negative weights. WAGs are ubiquitous in real-world applications. For example, in a co-authorship WAG, each author is a node; each attribute corresponds to a particular topic (e.g., databases, data mining, and machine learning); and the amount of expertise in a particular topic is represented by a non-negative weight on that attribute. A typical search in this setting specifies both connectivity between nodes and constraints on weights of nodal attributes. For example, a user’s search may be: find three coauthors (i.e., a triangle) where each author’s expertise is greater than 50% in at least one topic area (i.e., attribute). We propose a ranking function which unifies ranking between the graph structure and attribute weights of nodes. We prove that the problem of retrieving the optimal answer for graph search on WAGs is NP-complete. Moreover, we propose a fast and effective top-k graph search algorithm for WAGs. In an extensive experimental study with multiple real-world graphs, our proposed algorithm exhibits significant speed-up over competing approaches. On average, our proposed method is more than 7 faster in query processing than the best competitor.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2345482"))) ("PrePrint: Efficient Graph Similarity Search over Large Graph Databases" "Since many graph data are often noisy and incomplete in real applications, it has become increasingly important to retrieve graphs g in the graph database D that approximately match the query graph q, rather than exact graph matching. In this paper, we study the problem of graph similarity search, which retrieves graphs that are similar to a given query graph under the constraint of graph edit distance. We propose a systematic method for edit-distance based similarity search problem. Specifically, we derive two lower bounds, i.e., partition-based and branch-based bounds, from different perspectives. More importantly, a hybrid lower bound incorporating both ideas of the two lower bounds is proposed, which is theoretically proved to have higher (at least not lower) pruning power than using the two lower bounds together. We also present a uniform index structure, namely u-tree, to facilitate effective pruning and efficient query processing. Extensive experiments confirm that our proposed approach outperforms the existing approaches significantly, in terms of both the pruning power and query response time." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349924" (22103 220 282278 0) new 4 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Efficient Graph Similarity Search over Large Graph Databases") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349924") (description nil "Since many graph data are often noisy and incomplete in real applications, it has become increasingly important to retrieve graphs g in the graph database D that approximately match the query graph q, rather than exact graph matching. In this paper, we study the problem of graph similarity search, which retrieves graphs that are similar to a given query graph under the constraint of graph edit distance. We propose a systematic method for edit-distance based similarity search problem. Specifically, we derive two lower bounds, i.e., partition-based and branch-based bounds, from different perspectives. More importantly, a hybrid lower bound incorporating both ideas of the two lower bounds is proposed, which is theoretically proved to have higher (at least not lower) pruning power than using the two lower bounds together. We also present a uniform index structure, namely u-tree, to facilitate effective pruning and efficient query processing. Extensive experiments confirm that our proposed approach outperforms the existing approaches significantly, in terms of both the pruning power and query response time.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349924"))) ("PrePrint: HOCTracker: Tracking the Evolution of Hierarchical and Overlapping Communities in Dynamic Social Networks" "In this paper, we propose a unified framework, HOCTracker, for tracking the evolution of hierarchical and overlapping communities in online social networks. Unlike most of the dynamic community detection methods, HOCTracker adapts a preliminary community structure towards dynamic changes in social networks using a novel density-based approach for detecting overlapping community structures, and automatically tracks evolutionary events like birth, growth, contraction, merge, split, and death of communities. It uses a novel and efficient log-based approach to map evolutionary relations between communities identified at two consecutive time-steps of a dynamic network, which considerably reduces the number of community comparisons. Moreover, it does not require an ageing function to remove old interactions for identifying community evolutionary events. HOCTracker is applicable to diirected/undirected and weighted/unweighted networks. Experimental results have shown that community structures identified by HOCTracker on some well-known benchmark networks are significant and in general better that the community structures identified by the state-of-the-art methods." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349918" (22103 220 282278 0) new 5 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: HOCTracker: Tracking the Evolution of Hierarchical and Overlapping Communities in Dynamic Social Networks") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349918") (description nil "In this paper, we propose a unified framework, HOCTracker, for tracking the evolution of hierarchical and overlapping communities in online social networks. Unlike most of the dynamic community detection methods, HOCTracker adapts a preliminary community structure towards dynamic changes in social networks using a novel density-based approach for detecting overlapping community structures, and automatically tracks evolutionary events like birth, growth, contraction, merge, split, and death of communities. It uses a novel and efficient log-based approach to map evolutionary relations between communities identified at two consecutive time-steps of a dynamic network, which considerably reduces the number of community comparisons. Moreover, it does not require an ageing function to remove old interactions for identifying community evolutionary events. HOCTracker is applicable to diirected/undirected and weighted/unweighted networks. Experimental results have shown that community structures identified by HOCTracker on some well-known benchmark networks are significant and in general better that the community structures identified by the state-of-the-art methods.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349918"))) ("PrePrint: Efficient Filtering Algorithms for Location-Aware Publish/Subscribe" "Location-based services have been widely adopted in many systems. Existing works employ a pull model or userinitiated model, where a user issues a query to a server which replies with location-aware answers. To provide users with instant replies, a push model or server-initiated model is becoming an inevitable computing model in the next-generation location-based services. In the push model, subscribers register spatio-textual subscriptions to capture their interests, and publishers post spatiotextual messages. This calls for a high-performance location-aware publish/subscribe system to deliver publishers’ messages to relevant subscribers. In this paper, we address the research challenges that arise in designing a location-aware publish/subscribe system. We propose an R-tree based index by integrating textual descriptions into R-tree nodes. We devise efficient filtering algorithms and effective pruning techniques to achieve high performance. Our method can support both conjunctive queries and ranking queries. We discuss how to support dynamic updates efficiently. Experimental results show our method achieves high performance which can filter 500 messages in a second for 10 million subscriptions on a commodity computer." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349906" (22103 220 282278 0) new 6 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Efficient Filtering Algorithms for Location-Aware Publish/Subscribe") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349906") (description nil "Location-based services have been widely adopted in many systems. Existing works employ a pull model or userinitiated model, where a user issues a query to a server which replies with location-aware answers. To provide users with instant replies, a push model or server-initiated model is becoming an inevitable computing model in the next-generation location-based services. In the push model, subscribers register spatio-textual subscriptions to capture their interests, and publishers post spatiotextual messages. This calls for a high-performance location-aware publish/subscribe system to deliver publishers’ messages to relevant subscribers. In this paper, we address the research challenges that arise in designing a location-aware publish/subscribe system. We propose an R-tree based index by integrating textual descriptions into R-tree nodes. We devise efficient filtering algorithms and effective pruning techniques to achieve high performance. Our method can support both conjunctive queries and ranking queries. We discuss how to support dynamic updates efficiently. Experimental results show our method achieves high performance which can filter 500 messages in a second for 10 million subscriptions on a commodity computer.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349906"))) ("PrePrint: Role Discovery in Networks" "Roles represent node-level connectivity patterns such as star-center, star-edge nodes, near-cliques or nodes that act as bridges to different regions of the graph. Intuitively, two nodes belong to the same role if they are structurally similar. Roles have been mainly of interest to sociologists, but more recently, roles have become increasingly useful in other domains. Traditionally, the notion of roles were defined based on graph equivalences such as structural, regular, and stochastic equivalences. We briefly revisit these early notions and instead propose a more general formulation of roles based on the similarity of a feature representation (in contrast to the graph representation). This leads us to propose a taxonomy of three general classes of techniques for discovering roles that includes (i) graph-based roles, (ii) feature-based roles, and (iii) hybrid roles. We also propose a flexible framework for discovering roles using the notion of similarity on a feature-based representation. The framework consists of two fundamental components: (a) role feature construction and (b) role assignment using the learned feature representation. We discuss the different possibilities for discovering feature-based roles and the tradeoffs of the many techniques for computing them. Finally, we discuss potential applications and future directions and challenges." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349913" (22103 220 282278 0) new 7 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Role Discovery in Networks") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349913") (description nil "Roles represent node-level connectivity patterns such as star-center, star-edge nodes, near-cliques or nodes that act as bridges to different regions of the graph. Intuitively, two nodes belong to the same role if they are structurally similar. Roles have been mainly of interest to sociologists, but more recently, roles have become increasingly useful in other domains. Traditionally, the notion of roles were defined based on graph equivalences such as structural, regular, and stochastic equivalences. We briefly revisit these early notions and instead propose a more general formulation of roles based on the similarity of a feature representation (in contrast to the graph representation). This leads us to propose a taxonomy of three general classes of techniques for discovering roles that includes (i) graph-based roles, (ii) feature-based roles, and (iii) hybrid roles. We also propose a flexible framework for discovering roles using the notion of similarity on a feature-based representation. The framework consists of two fundamental components: (a) role feature construction and (b) role assignment using the learned feature representation. We discuss the different possibilities for discovering feature-based roles and the tradeoffs of the many techniques for computing them. Finally, we discuss potential applications and future directions and challenges.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349913"))) ("PrePrint: An LSH-based Blocking Approach with a Homomorphic Matching Technique for Privacy-Preserving Record Linkage" "We present a -fold Redundant Blocking Framework, that relies on the Locality-Sensitive Hashing technique for identifying candidate record pairs, which have undergone an anonymization transformation. In this context, we demonstrate the usage and evaluate the performance of a variety of families of hash functions used for blocking.We illustrate that the performance attained is highly correlated to the distance-preserving properties of the anonymization format used. The parameters, of the blocking scheme, are optimally selected so that we achieve the highest possible accuracy in the least possible running time. We also introduce an SMC-based protocol in order to compare the formulated record pairs homomorphically, without running the risk of breaching the privacy of the underlying records." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349916" (22103 220 282278 0) new 8 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: An LSH-based Blocking Approach with a Homomorphic Matching Technique for Privacy-Preserving Record Linkage") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349916") (description nil "We present a -fold Redundant Blocking Framework, that relies on the Locality-Sensitive Hashing technique for identifying candidate record pairs, which have undergone an anonymization transformation. In this context, we demonstrate the usage and evaluate the performance of a variety of families of hash functions used for blocking.We illustrate that the performance attained is highly correlated to the distance-preserving properties of the anonymization format used. The parameters, of the blocking scheme, are optimally selected so that we achieve the highest possible accuracy in the least possible running time. We also introduce an SMC-based protocol in order to compare the formulated record pairs homomorphically, without running the risk of breaching the privacy of the underlying records.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349916"))) ("PrePrint: Improved Greedy Algorithms forSparse Approximation of a Matrix in terms of Another Matrix" "We consider simultaneously approximating all the columns of a data matrix in terms of few selected columns of another matrix that is sometimes called “the dictionary”. The challenge is to determine a small subset of the dictionary columns that can be used to obtain an accurate prediction of the entire data matrix. Previously proposed greedy algorithms for this task compare each data column with all dictionary columns, resulting in algorithms that may be too slow when both the data matrix and the dictionary matrix are large. A recent approach for accelerating the run time requires large amounts of memory to keep temporary values during the run of the algorithm. We propose two new algorithms that can be used even when both the data matrix and the dictionary matrix are large. The first algorithm is exact, with output identical to some previously proposed greedy algorithms. It takes significantly less memory when compared to the current state-of-the-art, and runs much faster when the dictionary matrix is sparse. The second algorithm uses a low rank approximation to the data matrix to further improve the run time. The algorithms use new recursive formulas for computing the greedy selection criterion. The formulas enable decoupling most of the computations related to the data matrix from the computations related to the dictionary matrix." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349910" (22103 220 282278 0) new 9 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: Improved Greedy Algorithms forSparse Approximation of a Matrix in terms of Another Matrix") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349910") (description nil "We consider simultaneously approximating all the columns of a data matrix in terms of few selected columns of another matrix that is sometimes called “the dictionary”. The challenge is to determine a small subset of the dictionary columns that can be used to obtain an accurate prediction of the entire data matrix. Previously proposed greedy algorithms for this task compare each data column with all dictionary columns, resulting in algorithms that may be too slow when both the data matrix and the dictionary matrix are large. A recent approach for accelerating the run time requires large amounts of memory to keep temporary values during the run of the algorithm. We propose two new algorithms that can be used even when both the data matrix and the dictionary matrix are large. The first algorithm is exact, with output identical to some previously proposed greedy algorithms. It takes significantly less memory when compared to the current state-of-the-art, and runs much faster when the dictionary matrix is sparse. The second algorithm uses a low rank approximation to the data matrix to further improve the run time. The algorithms use new recursive formulas for computing the greedy selection criterion. The formulas enable decoupling most of the computations related to the data matrix from the computations related to the dictionary matrix.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349910"))) ("PrePrint: RRW - A Robust and Reversible Watermarking Technique for Relational Data" "Advancement in information technology is playing an increasing role in the use of information systems comprising relational databases. These databases are used effectively in collaborative environments for information extraction; consequently, they are vulnerable to security threats concerning ownership rights and data tampering. Watermarking is advocated to enforce ownership rights over shared relational data and for providing a means for tackling data tampering. When ownership rights are enforced using watermarking, the underlying data undergoes certain modifications; as a result of which, the data quality gets compromised. Reversible watermarking is employed to ensure data quality along-with data recovery. However, such techniques are usually not robust against malicious attacks and do not provide any mechanism to selectively watermark a particular attribute by taking into account its role in knowledge discovery. Therefore, reversible watermarking is required that ensures; (i) watermark encoding and decoding by accounting for the role of all the features in knowledge discovery; and, (ii) original data recovery in the presence of active malicious attacks. In this paper, a robust and semi-blind reversible watermarking (RRW) technique for numerical relational data has been proposed that addresses the above objectives. Experimental studies prove the effectiveness of RRW against malicious attacks and show that the proposed technique outperforms existing ones." "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349911" (22103 220 282278 0) new 10 nil nil ((title nil "PrePrint: RRW - A Robust and Reversible Watermarking Technique for Relational Data") (link nil "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349911") (description nil "Advancement in information technology is playing an increasing role in the use of information systems comprising relational databases. These databases are used effectively in collaborative environments for information extraction; consequently, they are vulnerable to security threats concerning ownership rights and data tampering. Watermarking is advocated to enforce ownership rights over shared relational data and for providing a means for tackling data tampering. When ownership rights are enforced using watermarking, the underlying data undergoes certain modifications; as a result of which, the data quality gets compromised. Reversible watermarking is employed to ensure data quality along-with data recovery. However, such techniques are usually not robust against malicious attacks and do not provide any mechanism to selectively watermark a particular attribute by taking into account its role in knowledge discovery. Therefore, reversible watermarking is required that ensures; (i) watermark encoding and decoding by accounting for the role of all the features in knowledge discovery; and, (ii) original data recovery in the presence of active malicious attacks. In this paper, a robust and semi-blind reversible watermarking (RRW) technique for numerical relational data has been proposed that addresses the above objectives. Experimental studies prove the effectiveness of RRW against malicious attacks and show that the proposed technique outperforms existing ones.") (guid ((isPermaLink . "true")) "http://doi.ieeecomputersociety.org/10.1109/TKDE.2014.2349911"))))